Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Melanie
Lauzon, is that correct?
Yes, that's me.
You are here to
report a sexual assault,
is that correct?
Yes.
You can give
a written statement
or an oral one, we have
a recording device here.
I don't think
I can write right now.
Whenever you're ready.
What do
you want me to say?
Just
say what happened.
I don't remember
what happened exactly,
a lot of it's a blur.
I don't remember much.
Just tell me
what you can remember.
What is the last thing you
remember before it happened?
Um, my friends
and I were leaving the college
to go out drinking.
We took the bus.
Route 7, I believe?
Where do
you attend school?
Windsor.
What are you studying?
Biology.
Did you
drink, or take any drugs
before you arrived?
To be honest,
I did smoke some weed.
And we had a few
drinks before I left.
Do you
think that could have
affected your judgment?
What is
that supposed to mean?
That smoking weed
could have affected
your judgment.
I mean, I
guess it could have,
but I don't see what that
has to do with anything.
Did you have
anything to drink at the club?
Yes.
How much?
Um, a lot.
After about four or five
I got really drowsy,
and don't remember much else.
Do you
remember leaving?
No, not
really, I blacked out.
It was scary, it was confusing.
Anything else?
I
remember an intense pounding.
I remember beautiful
things, like flowers,
and other things.
And I also remember
really horrible things,
like blood, and skulls.
He had a birthmark, it
was shaped like a flower.
They were large, I'd never
seen anything like them before.
And I woke up somewhere
I'd never been before.
At a
different location.
I don't
know, I blacked out, I,
I vaguely remember
being at a bus shelter
a few kilometers
away from the club.
When I woke up, I
was in intense pain.
I'd been badly beaten,
I was covered in blood.
Were you
sexually active
in the days before the incident?
No, I'm a virgin!
Do you
think anyone you know
could have done this to you?
No,
not that I can think of.
I asked Sarah,
she's the one who,
I woke up in her apartment,
she found me in the bus
shelter, passed out.
She thought I was drunk.
Since it's taken
you more than 96 hours
to report this, we
can't get his DNA.
Are you sure you don't
know who did this to you?
No!
OK, I'll
be right back.
Don't ever do that again.
Hello?
Melanie?
Oh, hi.
Hi, Mom.
Just one second, I'm
gonna put you on speaker.
Hey.
Yeah, I'm
just returning your call,
why were you calling?
This is actually
really hard of me to ask,
but um, with Joseph's
birthday coming up,
and rent, and the groceries,
I really need to
borrow from you again.
I can't
keep doing this.
It seems to be every
two months now.
Joseph have a job yet?
Yeah, he went to work today.
I promise this is the
last time, I swear.
Are you
still gambling?
No, I haven't been in months.
I don't even play
the lottery anymore.
We think
you should come home,
Joseph's really bad for you.
You were supposed
to go to school.
I know, I
know, but things happened
that I didn't plan, you know,
and I'm just trying
to deal with it.
You know, if I had the
resources, I'd go to school,
but I don't.
Can you help?
OK, I
guess we can put some money
into your account.
Your father and I talked about
this, and this needs to stop.
Yeah, I know, I
know, thank you so much, Mom.
I love you so much.
Joe, do you have anything
you want to say to Grandma?
Hi, Grandma.
Hi honey, I
hope to see you soon.
Yeah, we'll come
by for a visit real soon.
Thank you, have a good night.
Good night.
These scandals,
plus many instances
of actual sexual assault,
have prompted debates
about rape culture on
campuses across the country.
Jokes about
rape, comments about rape,
songs about rape,
depictions about rape,
are trivialized or made to
seem commonplace and everyday.
Universities,
including U of O,
have promised change, and
focus on the need for consent.
We have work to do.
That was last year.
This was this week.
We begin tonight
with a disturbing story
from the University of Ottawa.
The Science
Students' Association
organized that pub
crawl with a contest.
The student newspaper article
says students were
encouraged to strip,
and have oral and
once at least anal sex
with the event judges, all male.
And that if they
did they won points.
There are
reports of sexual harassment
out of that event
every single year.
There are reports of
coercion out of that event,
and of assault, like almost
every year that it's happened.
But some
pub-crawl participants
are pushing back, saying
everything was consensual.
And that it was a sexually
liberating experience.
I'm joined by our panelists.
Supriya Dwivedi is a columnist
with the Toronto Sun.
Elamin Abdelmahmoud
is social media editor
at Buzzfeed Canada.
And Jonathan Kay is editor-in-chief
of Walrus magazine.
So, Elamin I'm gonna start
with you on this one.
The details are
a little sketchy,
and the report of exactly
what happened this year,
or in previous years, a lot of
it, most of it's secondhand.
But if it's true that older,
male students, judges,
were setting up this
list and encouraging
these younger students to
participate for points,
how problematic is that,
is that rape culture,
or is that just a wild night?
To me, I
look at these details,
and look and see a perfect
example of rape culture.
It's a perfect example because
these students were going
and they didn't really know
what they were consenting to.
They knew that this event was
going to be particularly wild,
but the fact that consent
was implied in this event
indicates that it is
rape culture, right?
So like we don't have a
situation where you can
consent to something you
don't know beforehand.
I think that creates
an environment
where rape culture
really thrives.
What do you think?
Look, rape culture,
we know that it's real
in some instances, but I'm
not sure this is rape culture.
This seems like the new Puritanism
coming from the left...
Let's see...
It's very unsettling,
you've got women and men,
acting this extremely
unwholesome way,
but does it sound like rape,
does it sound like there's
no consent involved?
You actually had
two letter writers
writing to the student
newspaper saying,
look, you know, butt out, we
did this of our own volition,
there was consent, we found
it sexually liberating,
we are proud of what we did.
And what's ironic is when I
was younger this was coming
from the right side of
the political spectrum.
You had socially
conservative Christians
who were complaining that
campus life had been too sexual.
Now it's from the left side
of the political spectrum
you have people calling
out rape culture
whenever people are doing stuff
that they happen
not to approve of,
so it's a new Puritan outlook
but it's coming from the
left side of the spectrum.
Where are
you on this, Supriya?
I gotta say, I think I sort
of agree with John for once,
and I would have to
say whereas I do think
there's definitely a gradation
here that we're seeing,
and the consent thing
is absolutely valid,
to me rape culture has
always meant any culture
wherein the dominant
attitudes towards rape
either facilitate,
excuse, tolerate rapists,
while at the same
time placing the blame
and the onus of rape
prevention onto the victims.
Because there are actual no
allegations of sexual assault
or rape in the situation,
and we're not talking about
victim-blaming here, I think
that consent is absolutely
an issue, I just don't know if
I would call it rape culture.
But I realize we're kind of
getting into the semantics of,
you know, really
the definitions.
I think that
part of the problem here is,
one of the students
said, I mean like listen,
we don't know a lot
about this report.
Right.
But in the
report one student said,
I tried to say no,
but the judges said
that they were not OK with that.
And so when we have an
environment like this,
I think they are going in
and they're creating an event
where consent is implied
and that becomes a problem
because if you look at it as
an event where these students
are just trying to do something
that's sexually fun for them,
totally I can see where
you're coming from,
but to me this wasn't that.
There are lots of kink parties
where people participate
in these things
but they do it with an
understanding and full consent
that what they're going
to participate in,
but this wasn't that.
If I could just
jump in, because I think
we read the same report and I
think if I remember correctly
it was actually the teammates
of one of the women said,
you know, I'm not OK with
this, and the teammates
were actually
encouraging her to do it.
But I mean,
either way it's consent,
it's like being blindsided
when you get in there.
It's unsettling
but there's no allegation
that she couldn't
have just walked out,
what we're talking
about is peer pressure.
But that's
what rape culture is...
No...
Hi Joseph, I'm
surprised to see you.
Your dinner's ready.
I'll get dinner on the table.
Dinner's ready!
So how was your day?
Good, it went well I think.
Would you like some more?
Is that enough for you?
Some more.
I don't think we're
fragile and need protection.
So, how was work?
Fine, I'll talk
about my day then.
You know, I lifted
heavy shit all day,
and now I have to deal
with assholes like you.
What is going on?
What is it?
Nothing.
We don't have to
do this again, do we?
I'm just trying to
enjoy my dinner, OK?
You didn't
fucking go, did you!
Joe, go to your room.
Close the door.
That's how it is, huh?
Couldn't you at least try to
be a good example for my son?
That's right, he's your son.
Yeah, well I hope
he's nothing like you!
Fuck off, you can really
be a bitch sometimes.
Don't talk to me like that!
So what is it now
for us, welfare?
I'm trying my best.
I really wanted that job.
I show up there
I was just too
embarrassed to tell you.
I need you to work.
I know.
He needs new shoes, what
are we supposed to do,
we're barely scraping by.
I can't keep borrowing
from my parents.
We can't live like this anymore,
I can't deal with
this shit anymore.
And don't ever talk
to me that way again.
And I should note that it
appears to be just a PR move
because this is a university
that's spent a lot of money
trying to combat sexual
violence on campus, and this...
I mean,
I do kind of feel myself
blushing a bit 'cause it's a
bit embarrassing to admit that
but it's a conversation that...
Continue
on Finch Avenue West
for one-and-a-half kilometers.
Use the right two
lanes to turn right
onto Finch Avenue West.
In 200 meters, merge
onto Ontario 427 North.
Later on tonight,
it is Blues-Blackhawks,
game four, that one the
St. Louis leads two to one.
9:30 start...
Of the 10
horses that were stranded,
they were able to
save seven of them...
Melanie, can you
help me with this?
What's that?
Can you move these calla
lilies to this cart here.
Move them to the front, I
have a big order to fill.
Yeah, I'll
be there in a sec.
Thanks Melanie, I can
always count on you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, asshole.
I wondered if you wanted
to join us for a drink after.
I'm really flattered,
but I have to pick up
my son from school.
OK, sorry.
Have yourself a good night.
Yeah, thanks, you too.
37-year-old
Steve Stevens is considered...
My gosh Melanie, hurry up,
we have a big order to fill.
There's no time to
be on your phone.
It's off.
Put it away, please.
Fucking asshole, fuck you.
A $50,000
reward is being offered
for anyone who has information
that leads the arrest of...
Turn left
onto Woodbine Boulevard.
Back in this
country, the remote First Nation
of Kashechewan in northern
Ontario is being evacuated.
What's going on?
It's a small
fire, mostly smoke.
We're just taking
every precaution we can
with the students here.
Where's my son at?
On the west side,
he's still there.
The Opposition
says it is challenging
more than 2 million ballots,
some because their envelopes
inexplicably did not
bear an official seal.
For those stories,
and all the other news of
the day, stay tuned to CBC.
He patrols
the perimeter,
looking for females
ready to mate.
In the distance, a
young bull takes note
of the old bull's
age and posture.
What's going on
here, where's Joey?
You're home?
Yeah, I'm home, where's Joey?
In his room.
I'll look.
Must have snuck out.
What's going on, I mean
I'm away at work all day,
you do nothing, you
could at least watch him.
What, excuse me?
You heard me.
- You do nothing.
- Do nothing?
I do a lot.
You know no one wants
to hire me, so, please.
Give me a break.
I do nothing?
I mean come on, I am working
all day, I come home,
look at this place,
it's a pig sty.
Everything is misplaced.
I mean, I don't even
know where my son is.
Has he even eaten, I don't know.
This is all I do anymore.
I don't have any
friends anymore.
Whatever.
Get a job, whatever.
Can you please
shut the fuck up now?
No.
Can you please shut the
fuck up, you fucking bitch?
Or what, what
are you gonna do?
Can you shut the
fuck up now, OK?
You can understand?
Don't hit me
again you bastard!
How dare you!
Shut the fuck up.
Let me go!
Fuck you, fuck off!
I can't take this anymore.
We don't judge
when people come
through the door.
It is a true sense of community.
The
problem has been compounded
in recent months.
Manitoba has seen an influx
of refugee families...
We just
rely on the fact that
people will give.
Customer
appreciation sale is on now.
Visit erinwoodford.com.
Where have
you been tonight?
Just at the casino.
Come here
It's fine.
Melanie,
I'm really sorry
about what happened.
I didn't mean to go
that far, it's just...
It's been so hard since
I got out of jail, and...
Everything, I fucked
up, I know it.
I know, I know.
Is everything OK between us?
Yeah, yeah I'm cool.
Sure, Melanie?
I love you.
I don't know what
I'd do without you.
OK, want to just go to bed?
Sure.
I'll be there in a sec.
No.
No!
Stop it!
Joseph, stop it!
No!
Stop it!
No.
No!
Stop!
Hey Melanie, can I
have a word with you?
Yeah, just give me a sec.
Take a seat, please.
What's up?
I'll get to it
But, um, we're gonna
have to lay you off.
We've been really slow
for the last few months.
If you don't mind, just
sign these right here.
Are you serious?
I'm not signing this.
Even if you don't, you
still can't work here anymore.
I'm not signing this!
I will have Mark
escort you out now.
Thank you, Mark.
There's
some breaking news,
reports are coming
in of an attack,
or quite possibly several
attacks, in Paris.
Reports are talking
of a burst of gunfire
at a restaurant in the
10th arrondissement.
Details are still sketchy.
Liberation, the paper, on
Twitter, is talking about
reports of a shooting
at a restaurant.
A journalist from Liberation
who's at the scene,
reporting that several
people have been killed.
He called it a nightmare.
We have no confirmation
at this point.
Police are reported to
be rushing to the scene
near the Place de la Republique
in the 10th arrondissement.
We are trying to get
through to eyewitnesses,
but social media beginning
to report a shooting
at a restaurant in the
10th arrondissement.
Close to the canal, near
the Place de la Republique.
Some reports saying several
people have been killed.
A journalist with
Liberation newspaper
tweeted that the
scene is a nightmare.
We will try and get more on that
with our correspondent in Paris
and indeed on social
media as soon as we can.
Pretty sure that they
have killed Jihadi John,
the man behind the beheading
videos for Islamic State.
Now this happened
in Raqqa, in Syria.
It comes after shootings
in Paris and in France,
actually, in August, and the
shootings of those cartoonists
at the Charlie Hebdo magazine...
Also a shootout in a supermarket,
a Jewish supermarket,
the following day.
We can speak to Gregory Domine,
who joins us on the phone
from Paris...
What time is it?
Shit, I have to go!
My son from school.
I'll call you or text
you or something.
Oh yeah, do that.
A
little later on tonight,
Edmonton is hosting San Jose.
The Habs and the Oilers
in their series...
That is Toronto's tenth
loss against two wins
so far this season.
After the Raptors
dropped the opening game
of their NBA playoff series,
they play the Bucks again
Tuesday night in Toronto.
Atlanta beat Washington today,
Portland topped Golden State,
and Chicago beat Boston tonight.
Sebastian Vettel held off a
late charge from Lewis Hamilton
to win Formula One's
Bahrain Grand Prix...
Hello Ms. Lauzon,
where have you been?
I'm so sorry, I got
caught in traffic.
We were very worried.
We tried to call all
of the numbers on file.
What numbers do
you have on file?
You need to update this
information more frequently.
We also need to talk about
your son's behavior at school.
OK.
We really need to get
going to hockey practice,
or some other sort of sport.
So a lot of
people don't see the links
between public transit and
violence against women,
but they're actually
quite clear.
Well, I think
because our population is small,
and even though we're spread
over a large landmass.
Many people are aware
of their neighbors,
and they're also very
connected to them through work,
or they're related to them.
So everyone potentially ends
up knowing everyone else.
Why're
you home so late?
I've had a rough day,
just leave me alone, OK?
What happened?
Leave me alone.
Daddy, can you play now?
Not now, I'm
talking to your mother.
Give me my phone.
Who is this?
Just
give me my phone.
Who is this
now, tell who is this.
No, give it to me.
Fucking tell me
who is this now!
Nothing, it's
nothing, it's nobody.
It's nobody, it's nobody?
You fucking tell me.
He's nobody, I'll
show you who's nobody.
No, stop it!
Stop it!
Stop!
Back off!
Are you serious now?
Back the fuck off!
Are you serious?
Get out, get
out, get the fuck out.
I don't care how you go,
just get out of here.
Mom?
Can you come?
Something really
terrible has happened.
I've been beat up pretty
bad, can you come?
Thank you.
We should call the police.
I can't do that.
If I find him, I'm
gonna fucking kill him.
It's not fair, it's not right.
We're a tight family, I thought.
We know what's going on.
Your brother's doing
wonderfully well.
What would make you be
attracted to scum like that?
Who'd treat you that way?
What did
we do wrong, Melanie?
You didn't do anything
wrong, it's not your fault.
Well we're here
now, let's talk.
It's too late for that.
Listen, I'm gonna go
to the hospital, OK?
We'll take you.
I've already talked
to you guys about this, OK?
You just weren't
prepared to listen.
We've been
listening the whole time.
Just listen to your heart.
Everything is there, all of
the answers are in your heart.
And at some point
the reaction always seems
to be, just do something.
Fucking bastard.
Now here are
the top stories this hour.
Police investigating
a suspicious package
found near Broadview and
Gerrard believe it contains...
I, uh, fell down the steps,
walking into my son's school.
I brought wine.
Oh, I can do it.
Yeah, it's my favorite.
Well, you know, I had to wait
for my parents to come by
and watch the kid.
I would have been by sooner.
You did, didn't you?
Fuck you!
Think about what you've done
to me, every fucking day!
You knew I was a virgin!
And you took everything anyway!
I could have made a real
difference in my life.
But you took it
all fucking away!
Fuck you!
You took it all.
You don't fucking care!
Fuck you!
You disgust me, you
filthy fucking pig!
Fucking...
If there is a Hell, I'm gonna
fucking send you there now!
You hear me!
Right fucking now!
Oh, Melanie, you're back.
Yeah.
All night?
You know what
hospitals are like.
Yeah.
Where's Dad?
He had to go to work.
Are you OK?
I'm alive, right?
We did call
the police last night.
Yeah?
Yeah and they found him
a couple of blocks away.
He's in custody?
Yeah.
I'm sure he's never
gonna hurt you again.
Yeah.
I really hope this is
a wake-up call for you,
please don't let him
into your home again.
I won't.
I made some
coffee, do you want some?
Yeah, thank you.
Are we still going
to school today?
Yeah.
I want you to bring me.
Of course.
But Mommy's in a lot
of pain right now,
she can't bring you.
Will a kiss make it better?
Yeah, that would
help me a lot.
I promise I'm
gonna be happy too.
Thank you.
We better get going to school.
Oh, I can take him.
Are you sure?
Yeah, yeah.
OK.
I'll wait here till
you get back, OK?
All right, grab your bag.
OK.
OK, let's go.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org